Hello, I'm Anna Oskina and welcome
to my channel
in this master class I will show you how
make beautiful turquoise earrings in
mixed technique stay with me in
I will use four colors in my work
polymer clay
two of which I roll out with effects
three colors about 3 millimeters thick
white size twice
more than color therefore white divide
in half and fold all the colors in
alternating order roll out all
a pile of rolling pin so that the layers are good
stuck together and to themselves
pile has become longer received
I divide a long layer in half and fold
then again I divide in half and fold it
I get a striped block this block
I lay on ceramic tiles
I can press it well
rolling pin on the back of the blade
i'm driving up to the tile all these
strips this whole unit this technique
Mokume Ghana cuts I did the reverse
the side of the knife the blunt side of the block
little disperse in different directions
when i make these cuts so
I need to trim this block
trim it in hand and with
rolling pins
now I take sharp blades and cut them off
the top layer of this block in the cut I see
multi-colored stripes
waves and necessary because of this block
make several such block slices
placed on ceramic tiles just
because polymer clay is good
sticks to the tile and will not
slide when cutting exactly the same
the effect is obtained when using
glass surface now i take
extruder put a small amount of 4
colors and squeeze with a nozzle with small
dots me get a lot
long threads these threads will be further
used in work
Now I want to make a central
a pebble i take one of the technology slices
can we go'n and twist it
and add turquoise threads and then
I twist the resulting sausage
I twist very tightly
first form a pancake then
rolling out with a rolling pin and I get
I cover the surface with beautiful stripes
this surface is conventional cling film
and cut a tipple straight
through the film thanks to the film I have
it turns out beautiful rounded edge tidy up
all the excess I get 2 striped
pebble
from the remnants of this striped formation I
I make two balls kata
they are just in the palms
and wooden toothpicks make holes
when you make a hole a little bit
twist a wooden toothpick
headquarters bead not laughed
I roll a layer of turquoise color and
mold I outline approximate boundaries
products then take one of the layers I can
we ghana and cut it into not even strips
on the basis for the future earrings spread
alternately parts cut off
from poppy machines and ghana and extruder on
the internet is formed as a result of striped
pattern
the mold is the same droplet which we
cut out to me i cut a hole in
basis for earrings all parts for
earrings ready to collect them left for
order to collect these parts is necessary
basis i take all the leftovers that i have
left after this job crushing them
cut into small pieces together
mix and roll on the post machine
then take the textured sheet which I
made from salt
link to this master class you will see
right below the video and cling to this
variegated surface to make
textured surface is now all
completed parts i'm laying out on this
textured surface surface salary
invoice down that is spread on
smooth side need to put a pebble
around it extruder on unit
then the basis for earrings and trim
all blade
derived basics and beads separately
I bake the temperature and long
baking, look at the package
polymer clay from which you sculpt
after baking with a thin drill
manually i make a hole bottom and top
basis for earrings
I collect on the bottom glass pins
beads and polymer clay beads and
I paste drilled and earlier holes
and on top I glue the pin with the loop behind
which will be attached to the shackle
face varnish pebble
parts made poppy and ghana
polymer clay bead bottom
waiting for the varnish to dry and going
earrings assembly using round pliers
I have such a beautiful decoration
It turned out on the same principle
make earrings and in any other
colors and can also
experiment from the form of these
earrings
you saw i did not use the mold in
pure form I used a combination
different forms which gives more room for
fantasies just take those molds
which you have and try
play with them try to make
I am sure you have different combinations
there are a lot of ideas and such earrings
may perfectly fit your image
I wish you creative success and
inspiration
don't miss my previous ones
workshops how to make earrings in
ethnic style
as well as a very interesting technique in
which I completed the balloon pendant
write your comments put like
if you like this master class and
of course subscribe to my channel
not to miss the news
before new meetings and